Welcome back.
In this video, let's start to implement some routes
for the users' resource.
So, our A-P-I will have a couple of different resources.
The first one that we already talked about
and started to implement is the tours resource.
But another one will be the users' resource.
So that, for example, we can create user accounts
and have different user roles
and all that good stuff that comes with users, right?
Now, of course, for now, this users' resource
will be very similar to the tours resource.
But I still want to start implementing this resource
at this point because we need to move forward
in the project and also because I need it
in order to prepare for what I'm gonna teach you next, okay?
So let's go ahead and move down here to our route,
and so what we'll do again, something very similar,
to what we already have here.
(keyboard clicking)
So app.route,
and route is gonna be slash A-P-I,
slash version one,
and then users'.
Okay, and then we will respond to the get request
using a function, then we're going to create next called get
all users.
So you see that the structure that I'm gonna follow
is very similar to the one with tours.
So, when we do get or post on the route without the ID,
so, just like this or just like this,
it means that we either want to get all the users,
so basically, all the objects that are part of
a resource, and if we use post, then we want to create
a new resource on a server, okay?
So, that pattern is always gonna be the same.
So, create user for now.
And, so, now it's giving me an error because
all these functions are not defined,
but don't worry about that.
(keyboard clicking)
So, A-P-I, actually, slash,
so we always need to start with a slash.
Users, and then just like before,
we have to use this ID as a parameter interrupt.
Okay, then, if we do get request specifying that ID,
it means that we want to get one user.
So, I'm just calling it get user.
Okay?
And there are different kind of standards here,
so you could call this one, here, get one user,
and this one here get all users,
but I prefer to just do it like this, all right?
So, we also want to respond to the patch request.
So, update user,
and then also delete.
And this one is gonna be called delete user.
Give it a save, and, so it nicely formats our code, here.
And, so, let's go ahead
and quickly create these five functions.
And we're gonna do that all right away,
because we will actually not
do anything for the users at this point.
Okay, again I just wanted to have this implemented
in order to show you something next.
Okay, so, I'm going to go ahead, copy this one here.
And, yeah, so, add a tier right after
the last route handler from the tours.
So, const get all users.
(keyboard clicking)
And what I will do here is to simply send back a message
that this route is not yet implemented.
So, response to status that I'm going to specify as 500,
which means internal server error, and
so, yeah, for now that's just kind of a place holder,
so we still send back a adjacent object with a status,
which in this case, when there is a 500 error code
we say that it's an error, okay?
So, what was that weird error completion,
we simply only want error, and then message:
(keyboard clicking)
this route is not yet defined.
All right, give this a save,
and I'm going to go ahead and copy this a couple of times,
and simply do the same for all the other ones.
Okay, so, get all users, then get user,
then I want create user,
I want to update user
and delete, oh where is that?
It's nowhere here.
Delete user.
Okay.
So now, there's no more error and
let's get rid of this piece of code.
And, so, if we now create a request for this
let's see what happens.
And close this one, copy this one.
And, oh yeah, of course.
So, I needed to change this to users, obviously.
And so now we have our 500 internal server error here,
and then this route is not yet defined.
Let's still go ahead and save this request
into a new collection.
Actually, we want it in the same collection,
just another folder.
So let's create a folder later.
So we get all users.
Save it here.
And now we can go ahead and create a folder,
and not like this, but this.
So, add folder, and so let's add one folder
for each of the resource.
So we have tour,
and we have users.
So it's gonna called just like the--
like the resource.
All right, for some reason I cannot select all of them.
That's no problem.
All right, so now we have them nicely organized here
in our collection, and that's a lot nicer.
All right, so that is how we define code
for our second resource.
All right, so this file is kind of a mess,
so, we have all of this mixed-up together in the same file,
all these routes, all these handlers, here,
which we can also call controllers, by the way.
Okay, and so we have all these different pieces in the same
file and eventually we will want to fix that.
So, in the next video, we're gonna take the first step in
order to be able to actually separate all these different
pieces into different files.